Source: https://vejonhealth.learnworlds.com/course/embalmers-clots-composition-and-cause

# Observations from Endovascular Surgeon

I recently watched, with great interest, a video of
a Cath lab whistleblower who talked about the
prevalence of white, rubbery Covid clots that they
were finding in some of their patients.

Prior to, and during the Covid pandemic, I was an
owner/operator of one of the busiest outpatient
endovascular surgical labs in the country.

However, during that time, I followed all the data
closely regarding these clots and other sequela of
these vaccines in patients. 99% of all of our
patients were vaxxed and I would estimate (I kept
track of each patient from 2022- July, 2023. We
also began doing D-Dimers on all of our patients
(including the couple of un-vaxxed) to see the
results. Surprisingly, we did not pull out any
extensive blood clots (red jelly, or white, rubbery
stuff), nor did my surgeon and scrubbed in
assistant make any comments about any abnormal
residue on the atherectomy, or other
catheters/devices we used in the removal of plaque
buildup in the arteries. I was concerned that at
some point something catastrophic would happen when
the day came that our equipment would wrap up, or
otherwise become entangled in something similar to
what we were watching in the videos that the
embalmers were finding, shortly after the roll out
and mandates of the Covid mRNA bioweapon.

I was shocked, to be honest, because it just didn't
make any sense to me that we would not come across
anything. We were the best team, or one of the very
best. Our outpatient volume was reported to be the
one of the top 5 in the country (our sales reps
told us this; they were obviously happy). On one
hand I'm very happy nothing 'obvious' was
discovered and we didn't experience any comminution
of the plaque combined with spike protein generated
(if that is the source) white, fibrous clots. But I
found it very perplexing, especially in light of
the extensive boosters of most of our patients.
Unlike the clinic of the Whistleblower in your
podcast, that was a hospital that did every body
part, from the brain to the heart to the lower
extremities, we were limited to doing pelvic and
lower extremity endovascular atherectomies and
angioplasties. Of course we did some stenting, when
necessary.

Our Interventional Tech that assisted him was
equally gifted, and arguably better at passing a
wire than 95% of the vascular interventionist out
there. Suffice it to say, we were not slouches. But
we did not do any acute cases that would require
immediate hospitalization (as in the case of
cardiac arrest, cerebral strokes, etc...). All of
our cases were able to be staged and scheduled. If
any of our patients had complications from their
vax status that required emergency hospitalization
and surgical intervention, we would not have been
present to witness this and certainly they would
not have been a candidate for our OP lab.

But of course we had patients that died, and likely
many more that died following the Covid vax
roll-out vs prior to that. We were not keeping
statistics so our recollections are purely
anecdotal, at this point. Your witness saw things
that I would have loved to see myself. Our super
tech assistant also worked call at a hospital
during all of this and I would ask him what kinds
of cases were coming in. I asked if they were
getting many younger people, than usual, for
cerebral or other atypical vascular issues. Any
heart patients would have been whisked away to the
cardiac Cath Lab, so he would have no knowledge of
them. I was trying, without trying to make him
uncomfortable. Everyone has been very sensitive
over all of these things that we have had raining
down upon our society for the past several years.
Anyway, I was looking for examples of what I heard
your guy talking about. We also did a lot of vein
patients but, once again, though I was watching out
for these cases, I never saw/heard about any of our
patients (and we had a very active Vein Practice,
at least prior to Covid) having extensive venous
blockages like your witness produced. DVT's are not
that uncommon in a very busy vein ablation
practice. We were doing upwards of 30-45 venous
ablations a week, on average, prior to Covid. Covid
really did a number on us, like other clinics,
especially when people started locking down. But
the DVT's that we experienced post mRNA Vaccine
deployment, and once again, the vast majority of
our patients were mRNA vaccinated, their clots were
easily managed and fully resolved with a course of
anticoagulative treatment, usually within 2-3
weeks. There had to be one in there, but maybe we
just didn't identify it. Though uncommon, we had
enough volume of new patients that we would
continue to see the occasional patient with US
findings of extensive, chronic DVT, that could have
been there for several years, or might have been a
recent post vaccination origin lesion, but I'm sure
our Providers wrote them off as chronic. They are
commonly asymptomatic, from my anecdotal
recollection.

Anyway, I was able to keep my surgeon partner
updated, and aware, of all the new info I was
gleaning from my doom scrolling as I was always
aware as to what this whole process was: Genocide.
But when the deaths and injuries began flooding
into the alternate news pipelines, I diligently
tried to learn all that I could to stay on the
cutting edge to share with folks: loved ones,
friends and patients. Hell anyone that would
listen, to educate them and try to keep them from
getting one, or at least prevent them from getting
the boosters. I even did that with some of our
patients, especially in 2023. I just couldn't keep
quiet.

After the implosion of our partnership in July,
2023, we stopped our tracking. But my surgeon
partner, friend, we keep in constant touch and he
is still treating some of the patients in our old
practice that continued to go to him. So why didn't
we see weird things in our highly vaxxed
demographic? Why did your witness see things we
didn't? Well, once again, I think that has a lot to
do with the timing of their patients coming in,
likely in more of an emergent status (though that
needs to be confirmed by talking to him), whether
acute cerebral infarct, organ infarct, cardiac
infarcts...they were getting people, in their ER or
directly referred, likely on an emergent basis,
from their primary providers.

Without understanding the timing of onset of theses
white, fibrous clots, when they began forming,
either weeks/months prior to their event or just
days before their event, I don't know how we could
have missed these blockages during the procedures.
Moreover, all of our patients, within a week or two
prior to a venous ablation or arterial
intervention, had a full vascular ultrasound study
that would certainly have demonstrated these
obvious tissue amalgamations, even the smaller
ones. Most certainly the larger ones I've witnessed
on your podcasts with your whistleblowers and your
embalmers. No way, with our technologist talents,
could these growths have been missed. And
subsequently, they did not show any evidence during
the arterial interventions. An atherectomy catheter
would have possibly chewed these up into some small
bits that would have resulted in distal arterial
blockages in the ankle and foot for certain. We
routinely were rewarded, for our efforts, nice
clean arterial runoffs showing greater blood flow,
not less as would be expected if we created a
"meteor shower' of fibrous bits that would
completely block distal blood flow, at least in
part.

So I've been racking my brain. Why are our patients
so special? Well perhaps part of the reason is that
most of our patients are still smokers and were
smoking even when we were unclogging their plaque
laden arteries. I know that the Spike protein likes
the Nicotine receptor sites and that if there is
already a nicotine molecule blocking its
attachment, then maybe that helped. Also, I watched
one of your most recent podcasts where you
introduced a study that showed that Covid mRNA
vaccinated people that were concurrently taking
Semaglutide/Oezempic were not dying at the elevated
rates that other Covid mRNA vaccinated were, often
at rates above 20%-35%, especially in highly
vaccinated countries/populations. Now had I known
this, we could have screened our patients for this
tidbit, as well as doing the D-Dimer tests. I'm
currently learning about peptides, and all these
Semaglutide (GLP-1), Tirzepatide (GLP-2) and now,
Retatrutide (GLP-3) compounds. If any of our
patients were taking any of those first two (GLP-3
is a recent addition to the family for weight loss)
then that may explain our results based on the
study you just shared with us. But I really don't
think many, if any, of my patients were on it.

But what they were on, many of them, was diabetic
medications. Especially Metformin. Metformin also
exhibits weight loss effects in many patients. I
just thought of this today, after watching your
Semaglutide connection video yesterday, and I keep
hearing a message, over and over in my head that
Metformin is doing something possibly similar, or
maybe not at all similar, to the Semaglutide.
Anyway, I just sent off some info to my ex-partner
about your video and I surmised to him that maybe
the metformin, and the nicotine pollution in our
patients may be why we didn't see these otherwise
very obvious abnormally clots in our patients,
either operatively or on ultrasonic imaging. Even
our high resolution fluoroscopy did not pick up
anything other than normal plaque profiles that we
saw routinely in the pre-Covid mRNA era/ Even if
the patients just Covid viral infections we didn't
see anything, but then again, I can count on one
hand the number of our, predominantly elderly,
Hispanic and black American patients.

The only real conclusions I can come to, during the
entire time of witnessing our practice's patient
demographics and the procedures we performed on
them, and many of them were repeat customers,
sometimes requiring multiple repeat annual
interventions, is that these blood clots, fibrous
or jelly, must happen rather abruptly, because our
patients typically receive follow up vascular
Ultrasonography 2-3 times per year, and we never
noticed these large blockages that would certainly,
without a doubt be able to visualized. Our
equipment was the best. Our very best techs would
have found them too. My surgeon partner looked at
every single study personally. Nothing out of the
ordinary, anyway. So this makes me hypothesize that
these structures must form very quickly in an acute
way, resulting in the patient needing an emergency
trip to the hospital, or dying and going to the
embalmers. We wouldn't know. The Covid Plannedemic
caused pandemonium and the fear kept our
semiliterate population out of our clinics for a
long time out of 'fear' of catching something.
Another thing is that maybe this Metformin and the
smoking/nicotine pollution may have kept our
patients safer. Or maybe the statistical frequency
of death or emergency clot proliferation happened
normally, only we just never saw those people ever
again, at least the ones who passed. If they had
lived, we would have heard about it, because our
patients are loyal and had great confidence in us.
Either way, maybe there is a connection.

I'd like to, especially in light of the recent
Semaglutide study, to see someone look closer at
this to see how well the Covid mRNA vaccinated
Metformin population did at surviving the above
normal death rates, comparative to everyone else
vaccinated. It would be interesting to see some
studies, identical/similar to the recent
Semaglutide study, of Metformin, Tirzepatide and
Retatrutide to see if there is also a possible
safety signal identified in the mRNA vaccinated.
Anything to help people survive the oncoming
Geertpocalypse that he has predicted. Don't know if
we even have time for it. But, God willing, Geert
is wrong...or we have more time to figure out
solutions to protect the vaccinated through the
expected culling process, as the virus mutations
continues to vie for dominance. We all have so many
family and friends that, even though we will
definitely see them again, in Heaven, it would be
nice give them all something to fight for.
Regardless of the anticipated, possible extinction
event, even if that doesn't go down, we still have
an elevated, above normal death rate among the
vaccinated that IS indeed still happening, and may
be accelerating. We need to find as many tools as
possible to retard the onslaught till we can
collectively figure something else out. Thank you
for your hard, brave work. My surgeon partner and I
are in the process of rebuilding our lives post
partnership implosion. Otherwise, I would love to
have used our OP Surgical lab to help, in some way,
work with others to navigate this.

I just wanted to write all this down, for myself
and my partner, to summate everything to date. I
eagerly look forward to learning more data from
you, and your colleagues, that can help give
clarity to what we're dealing with (which is mostly
apparent, at least in regards to the origin of this
dilemma) so that we can share this with our loved
ones and friends, at least. But alas, really, they
collectively remain, many still, blinded to look at
anything. This is probably due to fear. But many,
unbelievably, remain still asleep to the world
which we live in. It's quite astonishing.
