female: Have you heard of the court case in the Netherlands, where Bill Gates is being sued?

male: Yeah, and Pfizer's CEO Albert Bourla, and the former Dutch prime minister Karl Rutte.

female: Yeah weren't there a total of 17 defendants.

male: They also included the German virologist Christian Drosten, and the Dutch virologist Marion Koopmans.

female: what are they being sued for?

male: for misleading the public about the safety of COVID vaccines, and causing physical and psychological injuries to the plaintiffs after they received the shots

female: are those even crimes?

male: no, but it's not a criminal case but a civil case. the plaintiffs are using the civil court system to seek financial compensation for medical costs, lost wages, and pain and suffering resulting from what they say are vaccine injuries

female: but the plaintiffs made some even more outlandish claims

male: Yeah, they said that vaccines contain graphene oxide, and that vaccines are part of a conspiracy to engineer a great reset. But in 2025 Bill Gates issued a response to the plaintiffs, where he said that he was not part of a global evil conspiracy aimed at bringing about a Great Reset, that the coronavirus does indeed exist, and there is no graphene oxide in vaccines, so therefore he has not engaged in the unlawful conduct alleged by the plaintiffs does not exist, and the basis for the claims by the plaintiffs is invalid.

female: Weren't people saying on social media that Bill Gates had been indicted, or that he faced jail time?

male: yeah but that was fake news, that was being promoted by sources like The People's Voice, which is a notorious fake news site. Gates argued that the dutch court did not have jurisdiction over him. The judge simply decided that the court did have jurisdiction to hear a private civil lawsuit brought against Gates and other defendants. That doesn't mean Gates was found guilty of any charges.

female: So wasn't the lead attorney of the trial arrested?

male: yeah, Arno van Kessel. there was a leaked document where he listed the names of about 400 of politicians and public figures, he branded them as traitors and implied that citizens had a right to execute the people on the list. the arrest was part of a broader investigation into the "sovereign citizen" movement in the netherlands. other people in van kessel's network were also arrested because they were found to illegally have explosives and firearms.

female: yeah there's this weird connection between the sovereign citizen movement and domestic extremist networks, or these militia type movements

male: yeah, the sovereign citizen movement originated in the united states in the 1970s. or at first it was known as the tax protest movement. the founding father of the movement was william potter gale, who also founded the Posse Comitatus movement

female: it was this militia group that claimed they were above the law

male: and they even had training camps where they trained the members in guerilla warfare and how to make bombs. and the group was involved in several armed shootouts with law enforcement

female: so i see why the dutch law enforcement would've been concerned about van kessel's group

male: yeah but the dutch group was kind of lame compared to the real militia movements in america

female: yeah it just looked like some grandmas and grandpas, and not violent extremists. it seemed weird that people like them were even arrested

male: there was this theory that when van kessel was arrested, it was part of a publicity stunt that was designed to bring more attention to the lawsuit, or to make him seem like a dissident who was unfairly arrested

female: that seems like a great pr trick. i remember in the united states a lot of these militia movements were controlled by the fbi

male: yeah, so if van kessel was an agent provocateur who was working for the dutch equivalent of the fbi, then the law enforcement agencies could've staged his arrest as a pr stunt

female: yeah that seems plausible, because his arrest was big news, and it helped draw more attention to the case

male: Baxter Dmitry from The People's Voice reported that the prison holding Van Kessel has reportedly been upgraded to accommodate up to 50,000 prisoners of conscience, like whistleblowers and truthtellers who were accused of standing in the way of the elite's agenda. And Baxter Dmitry said that what was even more disturbing was that insiders allege the facility contains a massive death chamber, intended to euthanize, with cutting edge Dutch death technology, those who prove impervious to reprogramming.

female: Wow, cutting-edge death technology.

male: But Baxter Dmitry didn't cite any source for his claims.

female: So his claims were completely fabricated?

male: Yeah probably. Even among conspiracy theorists, The People's Voice is not seen as a credible source, and a lot of people think its purpose is to discredit legitimate conspiracy theorists by deliberately putting out ridiculous stories.

female: It almost seems like the Dutch case serves a similar purpose. The case discredits critics of pharmaceutical companies, so reasonable people won't want to be associated with the anti-vaccine movement. And if the case receives all the attention in the media, it draws attention away from legitimate legal cases. And if the case ends up failing, then it will discourage other people from taking legal action against pharmaceutical companies.

male: Yeah that's how I saw it too. Arno van Kessel seems like one of these guys who acts like a fool on purpose. In 2021 he said that vaccines contain nanobots and graphene that turn humans into cyborgs, and enable Bill Gates to remote control humans. And he said he is convinced that people who have had two vaccine doses won't live longer than 5 years.

male: He was said that Mark Rutte was not really the prime minister of Netherlands, but rather the director of a company called the State of the Netherlands that was registered in Washington DC.

female: that's a common trope among the sovereign citizen movement

male: Yeah or what's also known as pseudo-law movement. And it's interesting that the Dutch case is really similar to a declaration by the Alliance of Indigenous Nations, which is run by sovereign citizen gurus from Canada

female: yeah I remember that, they declared that COVID vaccines are bioweapons

male: yeah, the plaintiffs in the Dutch case also claimed that vaccines are bioweapons. and the declaration by the alliance of indigenous nations featured expert testimony by Joe Sansone and Francis Boyle, who were both also expert witnesses in the Dutch trial

female: Francis Boyle is the lawyer who drafted the bioweapons legislation in the united states, who died in 2025

male: yeah, he's the guy who says that COVID vaccines are "Nazi bioweapon frankenshots". But his testimony just consisted of a transcript of his interview with Stew Peters

female: the failed rapper and bounty hunter, who says that viruses are not real, and the earth is flat, and there's nanobots in vaccines, and COVID is caused by snake venom in tap water?

male: yeah, francis boyle seems like a credible person, but I wonder why he is doing interviews with people like stew peters, or why he is involved in the dutch case, because he's an elite lawyer so he should've recognized it was not a valid legal case

female: but it was Joe Sansone who asked Francis Boyle to testify in the Dutch case

male: Yeah Francis Boyle had previously provided expert testimony to Sansone's case in Florida. The case in Florida also featured affidavits by Ana Mihalcea, Andrew Zywiec, Paul Alexander, and Rima Laibow, who all provided expert statements to the Alliance of Indigenous Nations.

female: So was Joe Sansone somehow connected to the declaration by the Alliance of Indigenous Nations? He's fixated on saying that the COVID vaccines are bioweapons, but the main point of AIN's declaration was that they declared COVID vaccines to be bioweapons.

male: Yeah, Sansone said that AIN issued the declaration reviewing hundreds of pages of documents from his case in Florida. And he was the person who first broke the news about AIN's declaration. And he said the person who coordinated the declaration was Lisa Miron, who is this Canadian lawyer who Sansone is connected to.

female: but I remember a large part of AIN's declaration was dedicated to the expert opinion of Ana Mihalcea, who said that COVID vaccines contain hydrogel and nanobots

male: yeah and quantum dots and microrobots. In 2023 she also gave an address to AIN on the threat of nanotechnology.

female: but isn't she also somehow connected to Sansone?

male: yeah, they're both on the board of an organization called the National American Renaissance Movement. And the earliest interview Sansone posted on his Rumble channel was an interview of Ana Maria Mihalcea. Ana Mihalcea wrote called TransHuman, where she said that COVID vaccines contain self-assembling nanotechnology, but on the back cover of the book there were blurbs by three people praising her book, who were Joe Sansone, David Meiswinkle, and Karen Kingston. David Meiswinkle is the president of National American Renaissance Movement. And the trio of Sansone, Mihalcea, and Meiswinkle have appeared together on multiple channels in alternative media.

female: and wasn't kingston involved with Sansone's court case in Florida?

male: yeah, he filed two different cases in Florida, but Karen Kingston provided an affidavit to the first case in 2024. it was a supreme court case where Sansone tried to ban COVID vaccines in Florida. And he toured around the alt media circuit with Kingston promoting the case. They claimed that because COVID vaccines were administered in Florida, the crimes committed against Floridians included the distribution, stockpiling, and use of weapons of biological weapons. And the distribution, stockpiling, and use of weapons of mass destruction. And treason, domestic terrorism, and genocide.

female: wow, it seems like another one of these cases that is designed to fail, and to discredit people who are critical of vaccines. Just like the Dutch case.

male: Yeah, and when Karen Kingston first came out as a whistleblower who had worked for Pfizer, her big revelation was that vaccines contained graphene oxide and DARPA hydrogel.

female: Yeah, DARPA hydrogel, which is supposedly some kind of a transhuman technology that turns humans into cyborgs. I remember the first person who started to say that COVID vaccines were going to contain hydrogel was Celeste Solum, who claimed to be a FEMA whistleblower. She was already making YouTube videos about DARPA hydrogel in March 2020.

male: yeah and later she also told Stew Peters that COVID vaccines contain gorilla feces and neanderthal DNA

female: (laughs) gorilla feces and neanderthal DNA? that's ridiculous even by the standards of Stew Peters

male: Yeah a lot of these stories first originated on the Stew Peters Network, where there's some whistleblower who says that COVID vaccines contain DARPA hydrogel or graphene oxide or snake venom or hydras.

female: and the story about the calamari clots also originated on the Stew Peters Network, what the embalmers were calling a new type of white fibrous clots

male: yeah the story was first broken by Jane Ruby in January 2022. there's no public reference to a new type of white fibrous clots found by embalmers anywhere before January 2022, even though it was more than a year after the COVID vaccines were first rolled out, and the embalmers now claim they started to see the clots in 2022

female: yeah the clots were also a big part of Mihalcea's expert statement to the Alliance of Indigenous Nations

male: she said the clots are hydrogel polymers that are constructed by quantum dots

female: yeah people on Twitter were saying that her testimony discredited the whole declaration

male: but then when people looked into the guys who run Alliance of Indigenous Nations, they were the same type of guys as Arno van Kessel, who was the lead attorney of the Dutch case, who said that vaccines contain graphene oxide that turns humans into cyborgs, and who said that the Dutch prime minister was in reality the CEO of a company called the State of the Netherlands that was registered in Washington DC

female: On the cover page of the declaration where the Alliance of Indigenous Nations said that COVID vaccines are bioweapons, there was this red stamp that said "I hereby certify this is a true copy of the original order", signed by "A. Leaping Ram" who represented the International Tribunal of the Alliance of Indigenous Nations.

male: Yeah he sounds like an Indian chief.

female: The declaration sounds like the real deal, if there's a red stamp where it's certified by A Leaping Ram.

male: But he's actually a white Canadian guy who falsely pretends to be a Native American. His real name is Glenn Bogue. He's a member of a fake Indian nation run by white sovereign citizen gurus, called  which allows anyone to become their member by paying an annual fee of 300 Canadian dollars. Then if you pay their membership fee, they promise that you will receive special privileges as a sovereign citizen, and you will no longer be subject to regular Canadian law. He calls himself the Attorney General of the fake Indian tribe.

female: And the other main leader of AIN was also one of these sovereign citizen gurus

male: yeah, John Cipolla. He took up the Indian name Zesesaapi Mukwa after he became the adopted son of the Grand Chief Wabiska Mukwa, who is a white sovereign citizen guru who is the chief of another one of these fake Indian tribes, called the Anishinabek Solutrean Métis Indigenous Nation. They're trying to gain special privileges by calling themselves Canadian aboriginals, so they invent their own new Indian nations that people can join even if they have no Canadian aboriginal ancestry.

female: but wasn't the Leaping Ram guy also some kind of a New Age guru?

male: Yeah, he has written a book titled "Sacred Sex and the Menopausal Woman", where he wrote that "In her Holy of Holies (her womb) the female is capable of producing the wondrous Ormus molecule, which has the quantum capability to not only reverse disease and raise intelligence; it can actually open the Stargate to the Universe!" He claims that he traveled through a stargate to Sweden, and he says that humans were created 200,000 years ago, when a female scientist from Planet X inserted sperm from Planet X into the egg of a bonobo, and on her way to the earth, she also happened to carve the face on Mars.

female: And there was this video where the two guys from AIN were interviewed by some UFO expert guy.

male: It was Alfred Lambremont Webre, who is also a member of the Alliance of Indigenous Nations, and he wrote a book together with A Leaping Ram that was supposedly based on information leaked by time travelers.

female: Yeah, that was the guy who coined the term exopolitics.

male: He also claims claims that extraterrestrials coordinated a meeting between himself and Jimmy Carter on a spaceship in 1977. And he was the director of  extraterrestrial communication study at the Stanford Research Institute in the 70s.

female: Isn't Standford Research Institute where the whole remote viewing program was based, the Stargate Project?

male: Yeah, the Stargate Project was founded at the SRI by Russell Targ and Hal Puthoff, who were both Scientologists. Alfred Lambremont Webre said that Targ and Puthoff were his colleagues at the SRI. Webre said that his exopolitics theory was based on data derived through remote viewing.

female: Ok, but wait a minute, wasn't General Albert Stubblebine the head of the Stargate Project? And her wife was Rima Laibow, who was one of the people who provided an expert statement to the declaration where AIN said that vaccines are bioweapons.

male: Yeah, and Rima Laibow was also a judge in Alfred Webre's international tribunal, which was a similar fake international tribunal as the AIN's tribunal. In 2020 Rima Laibow acted as a judge in Webre's 5G tribunal, which ordered a ban on 5G, all vaccines, lockdown measures, and aspartame, and the tribunal sentenced Elon Musk to 25 years in prison, and Bill Gates and George Soros to a life in prison. In 2021 Rima Laibow was also a guest on Webre's YouTube channel, where she promoted her book that supposedly consisted of channeled communications she had with her dead husband General Albert Stubblebine.

female: And wasn't Laibow also a hypnotherapist?

male: Yeah, she was supposedly doing hypnotic regression on victims of alien abduction. She ran a centre called TREAT, which stood for Treatment And Research Of Experienced Anomalous Trauma.

female: But isn't Joe Sansone also a professional hypnotherapist?

male: Yeah, he runs a hypnosis company in Florida, where his services range from assisting his clients in improving their golf game to helping them explore soul level changes.

female: Wow, that sounds like a great way to get money from the new age boomers who have retired in Florida.

male: Yeah it's weird how there were six people who presented an expert statement to AIN, but two of them were professional hypnotherapists.

female: and Ana Mihalcea was also a member of this weird neo-theosophical New Age cult

male: yeah, Ramtha's School of Enlightenment. the leader of the cult is a lady called JZ Knight, who claims that she is channeling a 35,000-year-old Lemurian ascended master called Ramtha. Mihalcea wrote a book about light medicine that she said was based on the teachings of Ramtha the Enlightened One. And there's a report that  Mihalcea wrote about the medical miracles that were manifested in the body of JZ Knight, which included that JZ Knight's DNA changed to male DNA while she was channeling the ascended master.

female: Oh, I remember, Ramtha the Enlightened One even has his own account on Twitter. He has only a few hundred tweets, but in of them he promoted the paper by Daniel Broudy and Youngmi Lee, claimed that COVID vaccines contain self-assembling nanotechnology, and who supposedly found nanobots when they looked at vaccinated sperm under a microscope

male: Yeah Daniel Broudy, Youngmi Lee, and Ana Mihalcea are all members of a nanobot study group called IIRT, which stands for the International Interdisciplinary Research Team. The members of IIRT used to include Sasha Latypova, who was one of the expert witnesses in the Dutch trial.
